feat: update Supavisor pooler limits (#22313)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/performance.mdx

## Optimizing the number of connections

> By default, the number of connections allowed to Postgres and Supavisor is configured based on the resources available to the database. You can navigate to [Compute Add-ons](/docs/guides/platform/compute-add-ons) to check your database's direct and pooler connections.

Author: @charislam this is necessary since there's limits in too many places but i'm conflicted on the wording here. I want to convey that customers can check the default direct and pooler connections of their database instance. lmk your thoughts.

Reviewer: This seems to preserve the meaning of the original:

```suggestion
The number of connections allowed to Postgres and Supavisor is based on your compute size. See the default connection numbers in the [Compute Add-ons](/docs/guides/platform/compute-add-ons) section.
```

Though actually I'm a bit confused. This paragraph suggests there are hard limits, but your note and the link suggest these are just recommendations. _Is_ there a hard limit?

If it's not a hard limit, I wouldn't say `allowed`, I would say the `default connection limit for Postgres ...`

Author: @charislam good feedback, thanks! I updated accordingly to:

```The default connection limits for Postgres and Supavisor is based on your compute size. See the default connection numbers in the [Compute Add-ons](/docs/guides/platform/compute-add-ons) section.```
